Fix bug when chunking large arrays with a subset defined (#2302)
glue-viz/glue: CHANGES.md

* Add support for using degrees in full-sphere projections. [#2279]

> * Fixed a bug in when using `compute_statistic` on an array large enough to
>   need chunking when a subset is defined. [#2302]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug on setting a return view in `compute_statistic` when a subset
  is defined, resulting in a broadcast error in arrays large enough to need
  chunking. [#2302]
```
I think this captures the full scope of the bug better, even if chunking may be the only case where `view` is used in  practice (maybe that's why it is somewhat treated like a private parameter).
